Add tcpreceiver from log-collection repository (#3190)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/tcpreceiver/README.md

| `id`              | `tcp_input`      | A unique identifier for the operator                                                               |
| `output`          | Next in pipeline | The connected operator(s) that will receive all outbound entries                                   |
| `max_buffer_size` | `1024kib`        | Maximum size of buffer that may be allocated while reading TCP input                               |
| `listen_address`  | required         | A listen address of the form `<ip>:<port>`                                                         |
| `tls`             | nil              | An optional `TLS` configuration (see the TLS configuration section)                                |
| `write_to`        | $                | The body [field](/docs/types/field.md) written to when creating a new log entry                    |
| `attributes`      | {}               | A map of `key: value` pairs to add to the entry's attributes                                       |
| `resource`        | {}               | A map of `key: value` pairs to add to the entry's resource                                         |

### TLS Configuration

> The `tcp_input` operator supports TLS, disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tcplog` receiver supports TLS, disabled by default.
```
